[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Everything I just talked
to you about with the array destructuring
and object destructuring.
In the declarative sense, and
in the straight up assignment sense, every
bit of that is exactly and identically
applicable to function parameters.
We can do array and object destructuring
inside of our function parameter list.
So, for example, I could say that I'm
expecting to receive an array in the first
argument position,
the first parameter position of foo.
But I want to go ahead and
break that thing down.
So, I'm going to do in array destructuring
to say that the first item should be
a the second one should be b and
the third one should be C.
So if I print it out console.log(a,b,c).
If I pass in foo( 1,2,3),
what's going to happen?
>> Kyle Simpson: Think about your
processing.
>> Speaker 2: It's not an array,
so it won't destructure?
>> Kyle Simpson: You have a number value,
the number one, that you then
try to access a property on it.
So you try to say 1 bracket 0,
essentially.
Have you ever tried that before?
Do you know if that works or
if that's an error?
>> Speaker 2: Tried it, but
I'm guessing you'd get undefined.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
it works, but we get undefined.
We're not going to get the 1,
2, 3 that we're expecting.
And we're not even gonna
get an error here, because
we happen to give it a value that it is
legal to do a bracket syntax against.
Null and undefined, it's not legal to
do that, but the number value it is.
Because there's a thing in JavaScript
called boxing which is taking objects and
boxing them into their
object counterparts.
So there's a number
object that's boxed here,
and then we try to access the 0 property
on a number object that's not present.
Okay, so that's why it's legal and
that's why I'm pointing it out is because
you're gonna run into this error.
And you're like where's my one two and
three?
It's because you're
destructuring the single value.
In this case you want to pass in an array.
Now if we pass in the array, the array
gets destructured into a, b, and c.
And of course this one should
have a default value on it.
Cuz if you don't pass in the array, you
want it to first pick up the empty array
before trying to do
the destructuring pattern.
Same reasoning as before.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
that only accounts for
one argument, we can do multiples.
We could have an array destructuring
in the first parameter position,
an object destructuring in the second and
a dot dot dot args in the third.
We can do whatever we want, go crazy.
>> Speaker 3: This applies the same for
objects?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah,
we can do object destructuring as well.
So I could say , and
what that would be expecting is
to be receiving an object like
this.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now
here's why this is cool, because this
kind of usage starts to approximate
a feature that does not exist in
JavaScript, does exist in other languages.
Would be really cool if we had it, but
now we have a way to sort of mimic it,
which is called named arguments.
It's different from named parameters.
Named arguments are where at
the call site of a function,
you get to say this value goes to
this specifically named parameter.
So isn't that kind of like
what we're doing here?
We're kinda saying the value 2
needs to go to the b parameter,
and the value 3 needs to
go to the c parameter.
They're not really parameters,
they're properties on an object that gets
destructured to look like a parameter.
But in using object destructuring
in our signature, and
by allowing the call site to use
an object to do that mapping,
we now are mimicking or approximating
this idea of named arguments.
How many of you have ever had to work
with a function that had like 3, 4, 5,
10 arguments in it?
And how many of you had to keep
going up to the documentation or
reading to remember,
because you could never remember.
This basically accounts for 100% of
the time that I ever wrote PHP code.
I could never remember
the signature of the function.
I always had to go to PHP.net and
look it up.
No matter how many times I wrote it,
1000 times I'm still looking
at the same function.
Because I can't remember, is string first,
or is index first or whatever.
Didn't make matters any better that
they had multiple functions that did
the same thing.
And arguments are in different orders,
parameters in different orders.
But point is, it's kind of a code
smell when you start to have
any more than maybe 2 or 3,
at the most, arguments for a function.
If you have 4, 5, 10,
20 arguments to a function,
nobody is ever going to remember them.
And even if they could remember them,
nobody is gonna wanna write null, null,
null, null, null to skip all
the ones that they don't care about.
Or in our case we'd have to write
undefined, undefined, undefined,
undefined to skip over the ones
that we don't care about.
That's terrible, so my suggestion to you,
is one practical usage for
this object destructuring is start
switching any function that you have
that takes 3 or more arguments.
Switch it to an object destructuring so
that people can name
their arguments instead.
Which means, that I can skip the b1
entirely if I don't wanna pass it in,
meaning that it could
have a default value.
And it will pick that default value up.
So I can skip over b entirely, and
I can list these in different orders.
I don't have to remember what
order they need to be listed in.
I can list them in whatever order I want
to.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
you give much more
freedom to the call site.
That's one real practical usage for
object destructuring is to embody this,
what we call named arguments, pattern.
See I already forgot it,
I told you I always forget this.
We need the empty object there.
In case somebody doesn't
pass in the object,
we want it to gracefully fall back.